Publishing to pub.dev (#99)
PDFTron/pdftron-flutter: doc/api/API.md

Plugin:
```dart
void showViewer() async {
  await PdftronFlutter.openDocument('https://pdftron.s3.amazonaws.com/downloads/pl/PDFTRON_about.pdf');
}
```

Widget (DocumentViewController):
```dart
void _onDocumentViewCreated(DocumentViewController controller) async {
  await controller.openDocument('https://pdftron.s3.amazonaws.com/downloads/pl/PDFTRON_about.pdf');
}
```

> We suggest that you stick with either version for the APIs that are callable in both versions, to avoid unnecessary problems.

Reviewer: I don't quite understand this sentence. Do you mean choose either widget or plugin, but not both?

}
```

> We suggest that you pick either widget or plugin and stick with that choice for all APIs, excluding APIs that are only available in one version. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must choose either the widget or plugin, and use it for all APIs. Mixing widget and plugin APIs will not function correctly.
```
